A visionary engineer with 4 years of experience in software development and a zest for learning new skills/ technologies.
Cloud, DevOps and Data Engineer enthusiast. Quick learner, perseverant and proactive. Result-oriented and highly organized
working professional.
Received recognition and appreciation from leaders for being an amazing team player, for providing timely and efficient solution
for various issues in production infrastructure, and for my detailed programmatic skill to stabilize complex code in short time
span.

A curious software engineer learning to solve complex customer experience problems.Looking to build products that impact millions of people around the world, and at scale.
Experienced Software developer involved in development of high performance, high available, distributed, scalable and optimized web applications for a multi million user traffic.


an Agile process


https://medium.com/@jeevansathisocial/jeevansathi-hackday-smart-reply-c7e59b90cbfa

Personalized Notification:
Implemented a cluster based model for generating the best time for sending notification to various user group based on app usage
User login pattern/app-usage, user-detail, type of notification 
Dynamic sending matches
hourly track-already_there solr



- Jeevansathi Milan Samaroh - Online Event for Match Making

• Feature developments
Developed multiple APIs to store, retrieve and process data for frontend user using InnoDB and MyISAM database, and retrieve information from third-party sources for users
Developed first in market personality hashtag and recommendation through which users can describe themselves better.


• Myjs

 Apache, Nginx, Tomcat
 Capistrano, Webistrano, Jenkins, Docker
 JIRA, Confluence






Keywords
Highly Scalable Distributed Systems

 SDLC processes including requirements gathering, use-case analysis, data modelling, implementation, unit testing, deployment, production support and mentoring.

Search:
- Delivered re-architected API endpoints with no client-side changes achieving 100% live status of new API on mobile platforms.
- Rebuilt Jeevansathi’s Search Engine for scale. It currently handles 20M+ searches daily with 99.98% uptime. Improved the response time of APIs (up to 10x).



